Feature: Postfinance Import (#512)
orbiting/backends: packages/republik-crowdfundings/lib/scheduler/payments/README.md

# Postfinance Import

The Postfinance import goes through the follwoing steps:

> 1. If none are configured, `GOTO 4`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If no `PF_SFTP_CONNECTIONS` are configured, `GOTO 4`.
```

2. Download all `camt053.xml` and `camt053.tar.gz` files from all configured Sftp servers.
3. Write these files to the following db table: `postfinanceImports`.
4. Read all files where `isImported === false` from the db.
5. Unpack all `tar` files. These contain one `camt053.xml` file and `.tiff` files. The images are scans of over the counter cash payments (Einzahlungsschein).
6. Convert images to `.jpeg`.
7. Parse XML files (c.f. [parseCamt053.u.jest.ts](parseCamt053.u.jest.ts)).
8. Filter out the following payment entries:

- All `DEBIT` entries.
- All `CREDIT` entries from `STRIPE`.
- All `CREDIT` entries from `PAYPAL`.
- All debit card `CREDIT` entries (Online Postfinance Zahlung).

9. Write payment entries to the follwing db table: `postfinancePayments`.
10. Run the payment matcher.

> 11. Send notifications, if all payments are matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Send payment reminders for overdue payments, if all payments are matched.
```

Author: Currently not the situation, comes in the next PR. Will update this there.
